# Web-forms
For this project I made a survey that asked questions in the form of a dropdown boxes, input boxes, radio buttons, and checkboxes. I collected data about the person taking the survey which was their name, gender and many other questions. I created two pages of data collection and made a thank you page that pops up after you complete the survey. I used autofocus, field validators and inserted an image for my thank you page. To make sure it was running properly, I validated my code using HTML5 and CSS3 and passed WCAG 2.1 at level AA.

Over these last few weeks assignments, I have learned many good practices and many practices I will not use again. To begin my process, what I have found success with is visualizing what my page will look like before I start, and then think of ideas on how I can make that happen. For one assignment, I was not super organized which made the assignment much more difficult to complete, so I used that as a learning experience tried to be as organized as possible, which lead to more efficient work. I used the title, head, body, and many more to help my code flow in the order I wanted. Another great practice was validating the code to make sure there are no issues. On the first assignment, I was struggling to get the code to produce the product I wanted until I ran it through the validator and realized I needed to fix some errors. 

Regarding CSS, I picked up that a lot easier. Once again staying organized helped me be able to avoid problems and work more efficiently. I learned the syntax of selector, declaration, declaration, or HTML and Element, then property and value. I personally liked using the inline method and the cascading flow of things, but I also used the internal and external style sheets as well. 

Overall, practicing the codes ultimately helped me catch on to better ways to do things and has helped me become familiar with a lot of these practices. Building upon the language has been the most beneficial practice I have done. For both assignments, learning about the flow of a web page and survey
